# Pipe project configuration explanation
- `project_name` - name of your project.
- `project_mainexecutable` - main executable file of your project.
- `pipe_buildmodule` - build a Python module.
- `pipe_noconsole` - building a window application.
- `pipe_lto` - allows you to enable **L**ink **T**ime **O**ptimization (LTO). It can have 3 possible values.
- - `0` - LTO disabled.
- - `1` - LTO enabled.
- - `2` - LTO will be enabled when possible (automatically).
- `pipe_jobs` - threads to use while compiling `.py` files. To get the number of threads, use `nproc` on linux.
- `pipe_useccache` - enable support for using ccache. Requires `ccache` installed on the system.
- `pipe_usebytecode` - compiler will use Python-generated bytecode while compiling `.py` files.
- `options_onefile` - build executable in a single file.
- `options_standalone` - build executable that can work standalone.
- `options_followimports` - follow imports of `.py` files and add it to executable.
- `options_nopyifiles` - disable compilation of stub files (might increase compilation speed if you have it in your project).
- `options_lowmemory` - if your platform has 4 GB of RAM or less, it is recommended to use this option. This allows you to build apps with low memory consumption.
- `depends_packages` - packages to include with your applications. Packages must be installed in Python.
- `depends_includedirs` - directories to include in your application.
- `depends_nofollowto` - the compiler will not follow the specified modules.